README.md, before:

# Magic Expansion for Minecraft
![Alt text](media/logo.png "Logo")

This is a simple add-on for Minecraft. It adds some magical elements to the game...
## Implemented
### Wands
- **Flame wand**: Causes `catch_fire` on hit.
- **Storm wand**: Summons a `lightning_bolt` on hit.
- **Frost wand**: Inflict `slow` effect on the target
  - Freezes water source blocks (but not flowing water, by design)
  - Turns lava into obsidian/cobblestone
  - Douses fire
  - Wanted to implement `freeze` but it's not a formal status effect :(
- **Dark wand**: Causes `wither` effect on target.
- **Float wand**: Target gains `levitation` for 10 seconds.
- **Evoker wand**: Summons a row of 'evoker fangs' in front of the player.
- **Blast wand**: Creates a TNT-like explosion upon hit.
- **Poison wand**: Inflicts `fatal_poison` on the target
- **Weakness wand**: Inflicts `weakness` on the target
- **Teleport wand**: Teleports the target entity to the nearest enchanting table.
    - Makes it easier to transport mobs.
    - Should nametag the entity first, so it doesn't despawn.
- **Boring Wand**: Clears a 3x2x5 space in front of the player. Removes most common blocks (stone, gravel, netherrack, etc).
### Items
- **Float Amulet**: Grants `levitation` for 5 seconds and `slow_falling` for 8 seconds.
- **Teleport Amulet**: Teleports the player 100 blocks in the direction they're facing
- **Resistance Potion**: Grants `resistance` effect
- **Haste Potion**: Grants `haste` effect
- **Seeing Stone**: Locates Ruined Portals and Nether Fortresses.
    - Crafting ingredient for the **Arcane Locator**.
- **Enchanted Totem**: Teleports to nearest enchanting table.
    - Resembles homeward bone from Dark Souls.
- **Experience Bottles**: More potent variants of the `xp_bottle`.

### Blocks
- **Terminus**: Teleport between locations.
    - 5 craftable types (Copper, Iron, Gold, Emerald, and Diamond).
    - Automatically adds/removes ticking area when placed/removed. **Limit of 10 ticking areas in Bedrock worlds**.
- **Lesser Enchanting Table**: Grants low-level enchantments for 4XP levels.
    - Also grants Silk Touch and Fortune 1
- **Greater Enchanting Table**: Grants high-level enchantments for 8XP levels.
    - Also grants Silk Touch and Fortune 2
- **Arcane Enchanting Table**: Grants additional enchantments for 16XP levels.
    - Also can exchange experience levels for **experience bottles**.
- **Arcane Locator**: Gives the coordinates of various structures
    - This will temporarily generate command blocks at the world ceiling, but should be minimally disruptive.
    - For some reason the output of the `locate` command is suppressed when called from an item event or NPC. Hence the hacky command-block implementation.
- **Turrets**: Attack nearby mobs iwth ranged attacks
    - Based on snow golem
    - Variants include Crossbow, Flame, and Frost
- **Shrines**: Provide buffs in a range around the block.
    - Variants include Health, Combat, and Agility.

### Structures/Mobs
- **Wizard Outpost**: A structure that spawns in Mesa biomes. Contains mobs and loot used to craft wands.
- **Corrupted Golem**: An aggressive, more dangerous variant of the Iron Golem.
    - Currently does not spawn in any biome/structure.

## Planned
- **Wizard Tower**: A larger version of the Wizard Outpost with more mobs/traps.
- **Graveyard**: A small, ground-level structure.
- **Necromancer**: Resides in Graveyard, summons undead mobs.

# Installation
1. Download the latest addon from the [releases page](https://github.com/thebearup/magic_expansion_for_minecraft/releases)
2. Follow the instructions based on your platform
    - [Windows 10/Android/iPad](https://www.minecraft.net/en-us/addons)
      - The easiest way
    - [Xbox](https://youtu.be/754amkN3dok?t=15)
      - Basically download via the Edge browser and install with [MC Addons Manager](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/p/mc-addons-manager/9p8r42ntgllt?activetab=pivot:overviewtab)
    - [PS4](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BoDSPuH4x_U&ab_channel=AntonyandHarryGames)
      - Push the addon to a world/realm via a supported platform, then connect from your PS4.
    - [Switch](https://gaming.stackexchange.com/questions/384024/how-can-i-add-add-ons-to-my-game-on-the-nintendo-switch)
      - Fairly convoluted - can use the PS4 method instead.
3. Enable `Holiday Creator Features` and `Custom Biomes` in world settings.
    - `Holiday Creator Features` will enable all the new equipment.
    - `Custom Biomes` will enable the **Wizard Tower** but only in chunks you haven't already visited.
![Alt text](media/menu.png "Options")

# Recipes/Examples
|   |   |
|---|---|
|![Alt text](media/flame_recipe.png "Flame wand")|![Alt text](media/flame.png "Flame wand")|
|![Alt text](media/freeze_recipe.png "Frost wand")|![Alt text](media/freeze.png "Frost wand")|
|![Alt text](media/lightning_recipe.png "Storm wand")|![Alt text](media/lightning.png "Storm wand")|
|![Alt text](media/dark_recipe.png "Dark wand")|![Alt text](media/dark.png "Dark wand")|
|![Alt text](media/float_recipe.png "Float wand")|![Alt text](media/float.png "Float wand")|
|![Alt text](media/blast_recipe.png "Blast wand")|![Alt text](media/blast.png "Blast wand")|
|![Alt text](media/evoker_recipe.png "Evoker wand")|![Alt text](media/evoker.png "Evoker wand")|
|![Alt text](media/weakness_recipe.png "Weakness wand")|![Alt text](media/weakness.png "Weakness wand")|
|![Alt text](media/poison_recipe.png "Poison wand")|![Alt text](media/poison.png "Poison wand")|
|![Alt text](media/lesser_enchanting_recipe.png "Lesser Enchanting Table")|![Alt text](media/lesser_enchanting_dialog.png "Lesser Enchanting Table")|
|![Alt text](media/greater_enchanting_recipe.png "Greater Enchanting Table")|![Alt text](media/greater_enchanting_dialog.png "Greater Enchanting Table")|
|![Alt text](media/arcane_enchanting_recipe.png "Arcane Enchanting Table")|![Alt text](media/arcane_enchanting_dialog.png "Arcane Enchanting Table")|
|![Alt text](media/locator_recipe.png "Arcane Locator")|![Alt text](media/locator_dialog.png "Locator Dialog")|
|![Alt text](media/shrine_healing_recipe.png "Health Shrine")|![Alt text](media/shrine_healing.png "Health Shrine")|
|![Alt text](media/shrine_combat_recipe.png "Combat Shrine")|![Alt text](media/shrine_combat.png "Combat Shrine")|
|![Alt text](media/shrine_agility_recipe.png "Agility Shrine")|![Alt text](media/shrine_agility.png "Agility Shrine")|
|![Alt text](media/copper_terminus_recipe.png "Copper Terminus")|![Alt text](media/terminus_dialog.png "Terminus Dialog")|


|   |   |
|---|---|
|![Alt text](media/iron_terminus_recipe.png "Iron Terminus")|![Alt text](media/gold_terminus_recipe.png "Gold Terminus")|
|![Alt text](media/emerald_terminus_recipe.png "Emerald Terminus")|![Alt text](media/diamond_terminus_recipe.png "Diamond Terminus")|
|![Alt text](media/enchanted_totem_recipe.png "Enchanted Totem")|![Alt text](media/boring_wand_recipe.png "Boring Wand")|
|![Alt text](media/float_a_recipe.png "Float Amulet")|![Alt text](media/teleport_a_recipe.png "Teleport Amulet")|
|![Alt text](media/haste_recipe.png "Haste Potion")|![Alt text](media/resistance_recipe.png "Resistance Potion")|
|![Alt text](media/seeing_stone_recipe.png "Seeing Stone")|![Alt text](media/turret_crossbow_recipe.png "Crossbow Turret")|
|![Alt text](media/turret_flame_recipe.png "Flame Turret")|![Alt text](media/turret_frost_recipe.png "Frost Turret")|

Commit message:

Update manifest, readme/screenshots, and minor bugs.

README.md, after:

# Magic Expansion for Minecraft
![Alt text](media/logo.png "Logo")

This is a simple add-on for Minecraft. It adds some magical elements to the game...
## Implemented
### Wands
- **Flame wand**: Causes `catch_fire` on hit.
- **Storm wand**: Summons a `lightning_bolt` on hit.
- **Frost wand**: Inflict `slow` effect on the target
  - Freezes water source blocks (but not flowing water, by design)
  - Turns lava into obsidian/cobblestone
  - Douses fire
  - Wanted to implement `freeze` but it's not a formal status effect :(
- **Dark wand**: Causes `wither` effect on target.
- **Float wand**: Target gains `levitation` for 10 seconds.
- **Evoker wand**: Summons a row of 'evoker fangs' in front of the player.
- **Blast wand**: Creates a TNT-like explosion upon hit.
- **Poison wand**: Inflicts `fatal_poison` on the target
- **Weakness wand**: Inflicts `weakness` on the target
- **Teleport wand**: Teleports the target entity to the home terminus.
    - Makes it easier to transport mobs.
    - Should nametag the entity first, so it doesn't despawn.
- **Boring Wand**: Clears a 3x2x5 space in front of the player. Removes most common blocks (stone, gravel, netherrack, etc).
### Items
- **Float Amulet**: Grants `levitation` for 5 seconds and `slow_falling` for 8 seconds.
- **Teleport Amulet**: Teleports the player 100 blocks in the direction they're facing
    - Due to a recent Minecraft update that broke teleporting into unrendered chunks, the safety check is disabled. Be careful where you aim :)
- **Resistance Potion**: Grants `resistance` effect
- **Haste Potion**: Grants `haste` effect
- **Seeing Stone**: Locates Ruined Portals and Nether Fortresses.
    - Crafting ingredient for the **Arcane Locator**.
- **Enchanted Totem**: Teleports to Home Terminus.
    - Prior to 1.2, this would teleport the player to an Enchanting table.
    - Resembles homeward bone from Dark Souls.
- **Experience Bottles**: More potent variants of the `xp_bottle`.

### Blocks
- **Terminus**: Teleport between locations.
    - 5 craftable types (Home, Copper, Iron, Gold, and Emerald).
    - Automatically adds/removes ticking area when placed/removed. **Limit of 10 ticking areas in Bedrock worlds**.
    - As of 1.2.0, the Diamond Terminus is deprecated in favor of the Home Terminus.
- **Lesser Enchanting Table**: Grants low-level enchantments for 4XP levels.
    - Also grants Silk Touch and Fortune 1
- **Greater Enchanting Table**: Grants high-level enchantments for 8XP levels.
    - Also grants Silk Touch and Fortune 2
- **Arcane Enchanting Table**: Grants additional enchantments for 16XP levels.
    - Also can exchange experience levels for **experience bottles**.
- **Arcane Locator**: Gives the coordinates of various structures
    - This will temporarily generate command blocks at the world ceiling, but should be minimally disruptive.
    - For some reason the output of the `locate` command is suppressed when called from an item event or NPC. Hence the hacky command-block implementation.
- **Turrets**: Attack nearby mobs iwth ranged attacks
    - Based on snow golem
    - Variants include Crossbow, Flame, and Frost
- **Shrines**: Provide buffs in a range around the block.
    - Variants include Health, Combat, and Agility.

### Structures/Mobs
- **Wizard Outpost**: A structure that spawns in Mesa biomes. Contains mobs and loot used to craft wands.
- **Corrupted Golem**: An aggressive, more dangerous variant of the Iron Golem.
    - Currently does not spawn in any biome/structure.

## Planned
- **Wizard Tower**: A larger version of the Wizard Outpost with more mobs/traps.
- **Graveyard**: A small, ground-level structure.
- **Necromancer**: Resides in Graveyard, summons undead mobs.

# Installation
1. Download the latest addon from the [releases page](https://github.com/thebearup/magic_expansion_for_minecraft/releases)
2. Follow the instructions based on your platform
    - [Windows 10/Android/iPad](https://www.minecraft.net/en-us/addons)
      - The easiest way
    - [Xbox](https://youtu.be/754amkN3dok?t=15)
      - Basically download via the Edge browser and install with [MC Addons Manager](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/p/mc-addons-manager/9p8r42ntgllt?activetab=pivot:overviewtab)
    - [PS4](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BoDSPuH4x_U&ab_channel=AntonyandHarryGames)
      - Push the addon to a world/realm via a supported platform, then connect from your PS4.
    - [Switch](https://gaming.stackexchange.com/questions/384024/how-can-i-add-add-ons-to-my-game-on-the-nintendo-switch)
      - Fairly convoluted - can use the PS4 method instead.
3. Enable `Holiday Creator Features` and `Custom Biomes` in world settings.
    - `Holiday Creator Features` will enable all the new equipment.
    - `Custom Biomes` will enable the **Wizard Tower** but only in chunks you haven't already visited.
![Alt text](media/menu.png "Options")

# Recipes/Examples
|   |   |
|---|---|
|![Alt text](media/flame_recipe.png "Flame wand")|![Alt text](media/flame.png "Flame wand")|
|![Alt text](media/freeze_recipe.png "Frost wand")|![Alt text](media/freeze.png "Frost wand")|
|![Alt text](media/lightning_recipe.png "Storm wand")|![Alt text](media/lightning.png "Storm wand")|
|![Alt text](media/dark_recipe.png "Dark wand")|![Alt text](media/dark.png "Dark wand")|
|![Alt text](media/float_recipe.png "Float wand")|![Alt text](media/float.png "Float wand")|
|![Alt text](media/blast_recipe.png "Blast wand")|![Alt text](media/blast.png "Blast wand")|
|![Alt text](media/evoker_recipe.png "Evoker wand")|![Alt text](media/evoker.png "Evoker wand")|
|![Alt text](media/weakness_recipe.png "Weakness wand")|![Alt text](media/weakness.png "Weakness wand")|
|![Alt text](media/poison_recipe.png "Poison wand")|![Alt text](media/poison.png "Poison wand")|
|![Alt text](media/lesser_enchanting_recipe.png "Lesser Enchanting Table")|![Alt text](media/lesser_enchanting_dialog.png "Lesser Enchanting Table")|
|![Alt text](media/greater_enchanting_recipe.png "Greater Enchanting Table")|![Alt text](media/greater_enchanting_dialog.png "Greater Enchanting Table")|
|![Alt text](media/arcane_enchanting_recipe.png "Arcane Enchanting Table")|![Alt text](media/arcane_enchanting_dialog.png "Arcane Enchanting Table")|
|![Alt text](media/locator_recipe.png "Arcane Locator")|![Alt text](media/locator_dialog.png "Locator Dialog")|
|![Alt text](media/shrine_healing_recipe.png "Health Shrine")|![Alt text](media/shrine_healing.png "Health Shrine")|
|![Alt text](media/shrine_combat_recipe.png "Combat Shrine")|![Alt text](media/shrine_combat.png "Combat Shrine")|
|![Alt text](media/shrine_agility_recipe.png "Agility Shrine")|![Alt text](media/shrine_agility.png "Agility Shrine")|
|![Alt text](media/copper_terminus_recipe.png "Copper Terminus")|![Alt text](media/terminus_dialog.png "Terminus Dialog")|


|   |   |
|---|---|
|![Alt text](media/iron_terminus_recipe.png "Iron Terminus")|![Alt text](media/gold_terminus_recipe.png "Gold Terminus")|
|![Alt text](media/emerald_terminus_recipe.png "Emerald Terminus")|![Alt text](media/home_terminus_recipe.png "Home Terminus")|
|![Alt text](media/enchanted_totem_recipe.png "Enchanted Totem")|![Alt text](media/boring_wand_recipe.png "Boring Wand")|
|![Alt text](media/float_a_recipe.png "Float Amulet")|![Alt text](media/teleport_a_recipe.png "Teleport Amulet")|
|![Alt text](media/haste_recipe.png "Haste Potion")|![Alt text](media/resistance_recipe.png "Resistance Potion")|
|![Alt text](media/seeing_stone_recipe.png "Seeing Stone")|![Alt text](media/turret_crossbow_recipe.png "Crossbow Turret")|
|![Alt text](media/turret_flame_recipe.png "Flame Turret")|![Alt text](media/turret_frost_recipe.png "Frost Turret")|
